two suspensions misdemeanor arrests and
they're still pending arson charge dr.
Sinclair represents a school actually is
more of an academy where girls like you
have gone on to do incredible things
welcome to black/white
the consequences of your actions have
brought each of you here it's an
alternative to prison miss olanski
will be collecting their cell phones is
this a joke your choices have been yours
and yours alone
you a creeper or something no I was just
staring in some bitch's realms you do
mind keeping it down so who else are
trying to hate this place in peace we're
all thrilled you're here all of you
please enjoy candy
step out of the building is off-limits
to the students
Ashley Ashley wake up there's somebody
out there
last night there was something in the
hallway
I'm afraid she only gets darker
something robbed his house
I don't think it's the house
sometimes when the door to the other
side is open it's difficult to control
what comes him dear girl no one survives
this place
we're gonna tie here Veronica
[Music]